---
layout: page
title: "Disclaimer"
date: 2013-05-29T22:00:00.362000+01:00
modified: 2015-03-22T23:06:00.362000+01:00
excerpt:
image:
  feature: illiac4.jpg
  credit: Steve Jurvetson (CC BY 2.0)
  creditlink: https://www.flickr.com/photos/44124348109@N01/11210263
---

If you provide personal data via this website, these will be processed in compliance with the corresponding data protection acts.

### Collection, Processing and Use of Personal Data

On principle, you can use this website without revealing your identity. techblog.lankes.org uses [Piwik](http://piwik.org/), a web analytics open-source software.
Piwik uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address anonymized prior to its storage) will be stored on the server of the service provider in Germany.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.

__Disagreement__

<iframe width="90%" height="150" frameborder="yes" src="https://piwik.lankes.org/index.php?module=CoreAdminHome&amp;action=optOut&amp;language=en"></iframe>

### Responsibility for our Web Content

*techblog.lankes.org* makes all reasonable efforts to ensure that the contents of its web site are up-to-date, complete and accurate.
Despite these efforts, the occurrence of errors or omissions cannot be completely ruled out.

As a provider of teleservices and media services we are responsible only for own contents according to ยง 7 of the German Telemedia Act (TMG). 
*techblog.lankes.org* does not accept liability for the relevance, accuracy or completeness of the content provided on its web site unless the error or inaccuracy occurred intentionally or through gross negligence.
This refers to any loss, additional costs or damage of any kind suffered as a result of the use of material provided by this web site.

### Responsibility for External Content

Some hyperlinks on this website link to contents which are not operated by *techblog.lankes.org* but provided by third parties.
Please note that *techblog.lankes.org* is not responsible for contents offered by other organisations.

### Copyright

The layout of the homepage, graphics and pictures used and the collection of individual contributions are protected by copyright.

The *techblog.lankes.org* reserves all rights including the rights of photomechanical reproduction, the duplication and distribution via special processes (e.g. data processing, data carriers, data networks).

### Any Questions?

If you have any questions concerning the processing of your personal data, please contact our data protection officer who will be glad to assist you with your query.

### Legal Validity

This general disclaimer is part of the contents provided by the web site of *techblog.lankes.org*.
If any of the terms and conditions is found to be invalid by reason of the relevant laws then the remaining terms and conditions shall remain in full effect.
